updated ClipboardItem and Clipboard documentation and examples using … (#33262)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/clipboard/write/index.md

button.addEventListener("click", () => setClipboard("<empty clipboard>"));

async function setClipboard(text) {

>   if (ClipboardItem.supports("text/plain")) {
>     const type = "text/plain";

Reviewer: It's a bit weird to use a literal for `text/plain`, then declare a variable for it in the next line. Perhaps:

```suggestion
  const type = "text/plain";
  if (ClipboardItem.supports(type)) {
```

?

    const blob = new Blob([text], { type });
    const data = [new ClipboardItem({ [type]: blob })];
    await navigator.clipboard.write(data);
  } else {
    console.log("text/plain is not supported");
  }
}
```

> The `setClipboard()` method begins with an if statement that returns true or false based on whether the clipboard supports 'text/plain' MIME type. If the clipboard does support the MIME type, then a new {{domxref("Blob")}} object is created.

Reviewer 2: Nit: Can we make it a little more succinct? e.g.
`The `setClipboard()` method first checks for the support of `text/plain` MIME type. If it's supported, a new {{domxref("Blob")}} object is created.`
Please feel free to rephrase this to make it more concise.

Reviewer: I would say something like:

```suggestion
The `setClipboard()` method first uses the {{domxref("ClipboardItem.supports()")}} static method to check whether the clipboard supports the `"text/plain"` MIME type.

If the clipboard does support plain text, then `setClipboard()` creates a new {{domxref("Blob")}} object.
```

But as Patrick said, is it good practice to use `supports()` for plain text?

async function setClipboard(text) {
  const type = "text/plain";

>   if (ClipboardItem.supports(type)) {

Reviewer 3: As discussed offline, let's remove this change since `text/plain` is always supported.

Reviewer 4: 1. We should list the types in supports() as per https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/33262#discussion_r1597862947 - the lists are small and discrete, while the current implication of that doc is you can use any MIME type.
2. I don't understand it yet, but the interesting optional type I'd like here is the custom type prefixed by `web `.

FYI, I'm showing an interest because this is being supported in FF127 and making sure there are docs is obviously part of that https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/33564 . @tayloregivens Great so see work already happening on this!

    const blob = new Blob([text], { type });
    const data = [new ClipboardItem({ [type]: blob })];
    await navigator.clipboard.write(data);
  } else {
    console.log("text/plain is not supported");
  }
}
```

> The `setClipboard()` method first uses the {{domxref("ClipboardItem.supports()")}} static method to check whether the clipboard supports the `"text/plain"` MIME type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `setClipboard()` method first uses the {{domxref("ClipboardItem.supports_static", "ClipboardItem.supports()")}} static method to check whether the clipboard supports the `"text/plain"` MIME type.
```

(domxref is not very nice to use with statics. Hopefully this ought to fix the flaws reported for this page)

> The `setClipboard()` method first uses the {{domxref("ClipboardItem.supports_static", "ClipboardItem.supports()")}} static method to check whether the clipboard supports the `"text/plain"` MIME type.

Reviewer 3: And revert this change too, to match the code block above.

### Write canvas contents to the clipboard

> This example writes the canvas to a blob, using the default MIME type of `image/png`, and then writes the blob to the clipboard. Generating image data is avoided if 'image/png' isn't supported by the browser.

Reviewer 4: This feels a bit more natural?

```suggestion
This example first checks if the browser allows 'image/png' data to be written to the clipboard.
If so, it writes the canvas to a blob, using the default MIME type of `image/png`, and then writes the blob to the clipboard. 
```

Given this is a mandatory type the method has to return true right? Seems a bit weird to even bother testing it since if the method is defined it will return true. I'd be tempted to use an optional type for this.

Reviewer 4: PS Given this doesn't rely on network, could we perhaps make this a live example?

canvas.addEventListener("click", copyCanvasContentsToClipboard);

> async function copyCanvasContentsToClipboard() {

Reviewer 2: Can we change the below sentence in ln 80 to describe the changes we made in this example?
> This example writes the canvas to a blob, using the default MIME type of `image/png`, and then writes the blob to the clipboard.

Here we can mention that the author doesn't have to generate the data for images if the `image/png` type isn't supported by the browser.
